feat: prepare for releasing v1.31.4-rev.1 (#119)
sighupio/fury-kubernetes-on-premises: docs/releases/v1.31.4-rev.1.md

# On Premises module release v1.31.4-rev.1

Welcome to the latest release of `on-premises` module of [`Kubernetes Fury Distribution`](https://github.com/sighupio/fury-distribution) maintained by SIGHUP team.

> This release add support for Alma Linux and fixes some issues with upgrading.

Author: ```suggestion
This release adds support for Alma Linux and fixes some issues with upgrading to Kubernetes 1.31.4.
```
